Organizer: Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) Address for Communication (Secretariat):
Mr Priyanka Mukhija
Northeast Department
Confederation of Indian Industry
The Mantosh Sondhi Centre
23 Institutional Area, Lodi Road,
New Delhi - 110 003, India
M: +91 9873673940
Email: priyanka.mukhija@cii.in 
Venue: Innovation Hub & Space Education Centre, Dimapur, Nagaland
Exhibitor: Any organization participating in Levelup Northeast 2026
a) Exhibition Dates: 22 – 23 May 2026
b) Exhibition Timings* : 1000 hrs to 1800 hrs (*Subject to Revision)
Basic Rentals:
* Member Companies are defined as the Companies holding membership of CII or IDGS. Companies applying under member rates need to submit the membership number along with space booking. + taxes
** Built up space includes Fascia, 2 Spotlights, 1 Table, 2 Chairs, One Power Point and Waste Paper Basket, General lighting. For additional electricity please refer point 9a.
Notes
The prospective Exhibitor must apply on the Space booking contract form –Form 1 for participation in Levelup Northeast 2026 indicating requirement for built up and/or raw space. Allotment will be done on” first come – first serve” basis strictly subject to receipt of advance and payments within the above categories / defined rules. The decision of Organiser on space allotment is final.
Application for space, may be made in combinations/ multiples of contiguous plots/ booths. For a combination of contiguous, furnished indoor standard booths allotted, provision of partitions within the area would be optional
Domestic Exhibitors should pay in Indian Rupees by Demand Draft/Online favouring Confederation of Indian Industry, New Delhi as per schedule while overseas exhibitors can make payment through Bank Transfer in USD as per CII Bank details mentioned below. Rental includes passes for staff manning stands
Domestic / Overseas Remittance Details:
Beneficiary :	Confederation of Indian Industry
Beneficiary Address	23, Institutional Area, Lodhi Road,
New Delhi 110003 INDIA
Account No.:	52205035775
Name of the Bank:	Standard Chartered Bank
23, Narain Manzil, Barakhamba Road New Delhi 110 001 India
Swift Code :	SCB LINBB DEL
IBAN No for GBP:	GB42SCBL60910451997017 IBAN for EUR:	DE18512305000018506203 ABA NUMBER (USD):	 026002561
Sort Code of SCB London: 609104
IFSC Code :	SCBL0036020

Filling Up of Forms: It is mandatory to fill the form completely. Incomplete forms will not be entertained. Do not leave any items blank. Incase of not relevant please write NA (Not Applicable).
Wherever Indoor or Outdoor Raw Space is allocated, the exhibitor will have to erect the stand at their own cost in line with “The Rules and Guidelines for Design and Construction of Stand” for Levelup Northeast 2026.
The Organiser reserves the right to reallocate space, change the layout, change the stand nos., add or delete corridors in Space Plans that may affect some exhibitors stand orientations. The Organiser’s decision shall be final. The Organiser reserves the right to turn down the application for participation, or even deny participation to exhibitors already confirmed. The Exhibitor shall not organise any concurrent shows outside of Levelup Northeast 2026 in Nagaland also not promote similar event/program during the Levelup Northeast 2026 at Nagaland.
The Contract: The Exhibitor enters into a contract upon submission of this document. The Company (prospective exhibitor) agrees to participate at “Levelup Northeast 2026” and to abide by the rules and regulations & bye- laws, handed out by Levelup Northeast Secretariat to the Exhibitor, before the exhibition. Upon any breach of contract by the Exhibitor, the Exhibitor is liable to pay the space rentals in full, to the organizer. None of the exhibits on display or present at the exhibition premises infringe, or is likely to infringe, any patent, trademark, copyright and other intellectual property rights of any party and agree that in the event of any breach, this contract may be terminated by the organisers unilaterally. In such an event, the exhibitors shall indemnify the organisers against all costs, claim	, & demands.
Damage to exhibition venue: The Exhibitor will be required to make good all damages, (or make payment in lieu thereof) to the fair ground facilities/ building etc. incurred during setting up / fair period and/ or dismantling period.

Use of Display Space: Without the express written permission of Organizer, Exhibitor may not (i) sublet, subdivide or assign its space, or any part thereof, (ii) purchase multiple booths for the purpose of subletting or assigning to third party, or (iii) permit in its booth any non-exhibiting company representative. Incase of failure to comply with this provision; Organizers reserves the right to cancel the participation and forfeit all the payment.
Electricity: Available at 230V Single Phase and 400 V. Three Phase A.C. 50 Cycles. Charges: Built-up –Requirement for demonstration @ INR. 4,000/ or USD 80 - per KW: Raw Space INR.4,000/- USD 80 per KW – Exhibitors must give their power requirements in KW, in writing. All these rates are subject to revision. Exhibitors requiring special lighting /power to demonstrate machinery would need to apply with full details latest by 28 February 2026 (or immediately, if application is sent after this date). The Organiser will provide general lighting in indoor & open areas. Electricity will be provided at a suitable point near exhibitor’s stand. Internal distributions to be completed by exhibitors at their own cost only, through a licensed contractor.
9 a) Temporary Electricity: is the electricity required by exhibitor during construction / dismantling period. This will be charged separately on requirement and duration basis. For more details please contact Secretariat.
Mezzanine Construction: 20% of the area for Construction of Mezzanine is permitted, subject to approval by Fair Architect, for stands above 100 sqmts only. Extra rentals at 50% of raw space costings will be charged separately. For details please contact Secretariat.
Cancellation: By signing and concluding of this contract, the exhibitor hereby agrees to indemnify the organizer for the losses at the following rates, in case of withdrawal of participation OR reduction of space at a later stage
* 2 May 2026 | 75% of the Total Space Rental
* From 3 May  2026 onwards: with the full stand rentals.
Approval for Design of Stand: The stand design drawings complete with details of exhibits, electricity and other installation, in 4 copies, should be submitted for Organiser’s approval, latest by 1 March 2026. In case of non-receipt of stand drawings by 1 March 2026, the Organisers are at liberty of allotting the stand to another exhibitor. The Exhibitor is liable to pay for the space rentals in full to the Organiser
Sale of Exhibits: are subject to Government approvals (to be taken by exhibitors and submitted the copy to organizers) and fulfilling tax formalities of relevant Government Authorities. Exhibits on display will be allowed to be removed only after the closure of the show.
Removal of any Exhibit: During the fair period is prohibited. All Exhibits including stand material to be removed after the closure of Exhibition on 22 March 2026 (after 1800 Hrs.), and to vacate the stands by 0600 hrs of 23 March 2023. Organiser will not be responsible if Exhibitor fall to comply with this date.
Handling of Exhibits Customs and Import Procedures: The ORGANISER will appoint official clearing and freight forwarding agencies for Levelup Northeast 2026 who will assist in handling customs formalities, if required. Exhibitors would have to contact them directly for such assistance. Movement of exhibits in the Fair Grounds by agencies other than the official clearing and forwarding agents is strictly prohibited.
Duty Free Temporary Importation of Exhibits: This facility is extended only to Overseas Exhibitors in Levelup Northeast 2026 who have registered by remitting space rent in foreign exchange.
If any one or more of the exhibits displayed by the domestic exhibitor is imported, under duty free temporary importation facility, the USD rate will be charged.
Exhibitor Catalogue Entry: All Confirmed Exhibitors will get a free entry in the Levelup Northeast 2026 Exhibitor Catalogue. Exhibitors are required to submit Form No. 3 (will be shared later), duly filled in, as per schedule.
Advertisement in the Exhibitor Catalogue: All Exhibitors are invited to advertise in the Exhibitor Catalogue of Levelup Northeast 2026. The last date for application along with artwork for advertisement is 20 February 2024.


Insurance: Against all ascertainable risks – from transportation to display and removal - should be done by the exhibitors at their cost. Organiser will, in no way, be responsible.
Security: While general security will be provided at entry / exit points of the halls on all days; exhibitors are advised to keep security during construction / dismantling days for safeguarding their exhibits.
Photography: The Organiser reserves the right to photograph/video shoots any stand/ exhibit for their use.
Settlement of Dues & Stand Possession: Any and all expenses chargeable to an exhibitor must be settled before taking possession of the stand. In the event of balance payment, organiser reserves right to refuse possession to any exhibitor.
Competitions: Exhibitors organizing any kind of Competition needs to pre – inform the organizer with complete details of competition planned and rewards.
Force Majeure: If the exhibition is abandoned, cancelled or suspended in whole or in part by reasons of natural calamity, war, fire, national emergency, labour dispute, non-availability of exhibition premises, change in government’s/regulatory policy, government order, epidemic, pandemic, public health and safety emergency, quarantine, outbreak of any infectious disease, deceleration of containment zones in case of outbreak of any infectious disease (including but not limited to COVID-19), Central or State Government announced lockdowns, civil protests or demonstration, blockage of public road or passage or any of the cause not within the control of the Organisers, the Organisers may, at their own discretion refund the space rental paid by the Exhibitor, or part thereof, but shall be under no liability of any action, claim for losses or under obligation to refund space rental or any borne by exhibitor for participating at the above said event.
The rules stated herein above shall be governed by and construed solely and exclusively in accordance with the laws of India. The courts at Nagaland shall have the exclusive jurisdiction with respect to any disputes in relating to the subject matter hereof.
Taxes: Taxes will be charged as per the prevalent taxes applicable under the advice of Government of India during final billing i.e. (March 2026).
